docs: add Google Cloud Samples browser link to readme template (#7886)
GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples: README.md

[![Build Status][py-2.7-shield]][py-2.7-link] [![Build Status][py-3.6-shield]][py-3.6-link] [![Build Status][py-3.7-shield]][py-3.7-link] [![Build Status][py-3.8-shield]][py-3.8-link] [![Build Status][py-3.9-shield]][py-3.9-link] [![Build Status][py-3.10-shield]][py-3.10-link]

## Google Cloud Samples

> To browse ready to use code samples check [Google Cloud Samples](https://cloud.google.com/docs/samples?l=python).

Reviewer: The wording gives an impression that the experience we'd like the users to have is solely on the Sample Browser. Could we rephrase it so that users can take a look at the Sample Browser, as well as code on the repository as well?

Author: Thank you!

Author: I will do that

> To browse Google Cloud product specific code samples check [Google Cloud Samples](https://cloud.google.com/docs/samples?l=python).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out some of the samples found on this repository on the [Google Cloud Samples](https://cloud.google.com/docs/samples?l=python) page.
```
